# MSTU 5003 Midterm Reflection
The biggest challenge I faced during the design process was to achieve effective learning using my website. I realized that teaching violin by just providing multimedia files just would not work. Many existing websites post music sheets and some instructional videos. Some also include instructional articles (text only) for viewers to read. But it’s hard for viewers to translate all the texts into actions. And although instructional videos can demonstrate correct stance and movement, it costs too much to make a video for every single sheet music on the website. Hence, their instructional videos are very generalized and focused on fundamental knowledge of playing violin. Then the viewers are pretty much on their own after the first few steps. For my site, I want to make the first step easy in order to create some sense of achievement. What I do not want is having three or four types of multimedia resources that are hard to learn from. Therefore, I evaluated some popular formats of instructions. And I realized that some formats are only good for few learning objectives. So I had to design accordingly. The downside of having different format for different part of the learning process might cause unnecessary cognitive load. But in this way, at least the viewers can learn in the most effective way.

As I mentioned in the first paragraph, teaching violin via a website is not an easy task. In the first few steps the viewers might get confused and scared of learning. But if they are not, can they also learn well? The hardest part is to teach someone how to do something with only instructions and no human interactions because there are many ways for the viewers the make mistakes but there is no way to correct them. All the traditional websites share this concern. Simply showing a download link of a bunch of sheet music is not exactly teaching the viewers how to play. What I propose is to have visual and audio assistance in additional to the sheet music. This could look very similar to the interface of video games such as Guitar Hero and Dance Dance Revolution. To be more specific, there would be a JS generated animation that shows the viewers where and when to put their fingers on the instrument. The audio will allow users to match the sound they make in the real physical world. Hopefully, this would create a self-correct mechanism for the users. When a user plays something wrong, he/she can quickly identify that error because it does not match the sample music from the digital device. This is the direction I want to take for my final exam, although I might not be able to make everything functions
